Automatically deduce cylinder axis for thermal mortar contact in 2D (#22320)
idaholab/moose: modules/heat_conduction/doc/content/source/constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint.md

Multiple models can be specified with their contributions getting summed up.

## Gap geometry types

> Plate, cylindrical, and spherical gap geometries can be specified using the [!param](/Constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint/gap_geometry_type) parameter. For cylindrical geometries the axis of the cylinder can be specified using the [!param](/Constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint/cylinder_axis_point_1) and [!param](/Constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint/cylinder_axis_point_2) parameters. In 2D Cartesian problems these parameters can be omitted to automatically determine the cylinder axis. This is accomplished by averaging positions over the primary side set, which should yield the center of the cylinder. The axis is then extended in z-direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plate, cylindrical, and spherical gap geometries can be specified using the [!param](/Constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint/gap_geometry_type) parameter. 

For cylindrical geometries, e.g. `gap_geometry_type = cylinder`, the axis of the cylinder can be specified using the [!param](/Constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint/cylinder_axis_point_1) and [!param](/Constraints/ModularGapConductanceConstraint/cylinder_axis_point_2) parameters. In 2D Cartesian coordinate systems (e.g. `Mesh/coord_type=XYZ`), these parameters can be omitted to automatically determine the cylinder axis. This is accomplished by averaging positions over the primary side set, which should yield the center of the cylinder, assuming the side set spans the entire 360 degree rotation around the theoretical axis. The axis is then extended in z-direction.
```
